Previously on Ugly Betty...
It's nice to meet you, I'm Jesse.
Ooh! Strong handshake.
Okay, I'll see you around, neighbor.
Yeah, okay.
In case you've forgotten, I am
the Editor-in-Chief of this magazine.
In case you've forgotten,
I'm the Editor-in-Chief, too.
We should start trusting each other.
I'd say trusting you
would be making a rookie mistake.
You seem
to have everything so together.
And I thought maybe
you could help me turn things around
by getting me a job here.
Perfect timing. Welcome to Mode.
Most of you have had a chance
to meet Kimmie Keegan.
Wilhelmina and I are promoting her
to Associate Editor.
That's a big promotion.
Yeah, it was your idea.
I should thank you.
But I won't, because I'm popular,
and popular people
aren't nice to unpopular people.
It's just the natural order of things.
It's not gonna be a problem.
I didn't let Kimmie get to me
in high school.
I won't let her get to me here.
I'm just saying, she used you.
I always knew she was
the same old "rhymes with buh-zitch. "
Okay, Lil' Hilda.
I was naive to trust Kimmie Keegan.
But what can I do about it now?
Nothing.
You can make sure that she's not
putting a steak knife in your back.
But it's not a competition.
And you know what?
We're both gonna be so busy,
we probably will never
run into each other.
It's like time to make
a decision already.
I mean, it's not my fault
I wear clothes so well, right?
- What can I do?
- Kimmie?
This is Nika and Fiorina.
They're just getting me ready.
And you are at my desk because...
I'm just getting ready for a lunch
with Talia from French Vogue.
We're discussing a benefit
to save the llamas. We'll be done soon.
- Daniel!
Good morning, Betty.
Good morning, Kimmie.
I ran into Beau Flynn at Marquee.
He has a film at Sundance.
Your plumber called.
He wants to do a party,
and I said Mode would co-sponsor.
There is a clog.
He wants to shut off your water.
Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
First things first. Betty.
Thank you, Daniel.
I have a lot to go over with you.
Like what?
The plumber, maybe just that for now.
Okay, then how about food?
I'm gonna need breakfast if we're
planning a major Sundance blowout.
- Huge news, Kimmie.
- I'm feeling you, bro.
Come on,
let's go make it happen.
Is there any chance I could get
a little breakie, too? I'm famished.
Yeah, sure. Betty, do you mind
getting a little something for Kimmie,
too? Thanks.
Yeah, I'd be happy to.
"Feeling you, bro. "
There it is. Breakfast.
Thanks.
I'll let you know if I need anything else.
Actually, you know,
if you do need something else,
you should probably do it yourself.
I was happy to get you breakfast
because Daniel asked me to,
but I work for Daniel.
Whatever. Just remember,
I'm an editor now. See?
"Kimberly Keegan. Associate Editor. "
Taste that.
Well, we have like 1,000
associate editors, you know.
What's your title?
What's your card say?
I don't have a card.
Oh, right.
It's because you're an assistant. Darn.
Editor. Assistant to Editor.
Editor. Assistant.
In just two weeks, I've gotten higher
than you have in two years.
You know, I just wonder if you're gonna
be an assistant for the rest of your life.
And you can keep the card.
I have plenty.
The magazine industry
is getting hit hard.
I know I'm just an accountant,
but budgets are a lot like fashion.
You'd rather not see red.
Very funny.
Perhaps we can wrap this up.
I have a meeting with Tom Ford.
- Yeah, this was great, Mort.
- You two, stop.
I may not be an owner of this company,
but my last name is on this building,
and I am telling you to wake up.
Mom, we've got it covered.
I don't think you do.
Now, Alexis may have had
the occasional murderous impulse,
but she also had a keen mind
for numbers, which you two do not.
You need to bring in someone
to run this business.
Dear Claire. Setting us straight
like a poor man's Sally Field.
Neither I nor Daniel
cobbled our power together
with the intention of giving it away.
I'm not talking
about giving anything away.
I'm talking about a CFO,
a managing director,
someone who reports directly to you.
Mort, enlighten my friends.
Please, give them
an honest assessment of our finances.
If we keep going the way we're going,
before you know it,
you two will go from being the owners
of Meade to the owners of nothing.
You look like you could use
a little help there.
- Oh! Hi, Jesse.
- Let me get a couple of those.
No, no, no, don't worry about me.
I'm fine.
Seriously, hand them over.
My parents taught me to be polite.
- Well, thank you.
- Sure.
So what's the guitar for? Got a gig?
Am I using that word correctly?
Yeah, it's an open mike night at some
coffee shop. I'll probably get booed.
Oh, no!
Maybe not.
You know, last week, some dude
read 10 pages of his journal
and then ended with a harmonica solo,
and they liked him, so...
You'll be fine.
So how goes the fast-paced life
of a magazine editor?
Oh, I'm not an editor.
I mean, I want to be,
but for now, I'm just an assistant.
I don't even have business cards yet.
I hear that. It's like what does it take
to get noticed in this town?
- Right?
- Yeah.
I mean, I feel like
everybody else is getting chances,
while I sit around
and grab people breakfast.
You know, Super B,
you strike me as a dreamer.
- Well, yeah, I mean, I guess I am.
- Me, too.
That's why I tell myself every day,
"Don't give in to the doubt,
"and if you want something,
you gotta go for it. "
Go for it, Betty
Um, what are you doing?
I'm serenading you with advice.
Isn't it obvious?
Go for it, Betty
No need to get sweaty
Just go for it, Betty
I know that you're ready
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Tell me more.
So I was leaving and the manager's
like, "Are you Kimmie from Mode?"
And I was like, "Yeah. " 'Cause I am.
And he says, "Come back tomorrow.
It's gonna be bumping. "
I say "Why?" He goes,
"Are you down with Young Jeezy?"
I was like,
"Am I down with Young Jeezy?"
- Hey, Kimmie.
- Hey, sexy.
Busy, busy. Let's talk later, okay?
So then,
I ran into Jade Frampton from Elle...
Did she just give us the
"Busy, busy, let's talk later" blow-off?
- We invented that blow-off.
- Yes, we did.
To remind the little people around here
that we are king and queen
of this particular prom.
But now Kimmie's turning it on us.
I don't like it
when the masses get ideas, Marc.
- We best keep an eye on that one.
- Yes.
Okay, people, listen up.
Let's talk March.
Let's talk Sizzling Hot list.
The submissions were great,
everyone came in with very good ideas.
I was only blind with rage two times.
Okay, here we go,
assignments.
So who is sizzling hot?
Russo, Sizzling Hot Resort.
Emily, Sizzling Hot Shoes.
Kimmie, Sizzling Hot Club.
Nice work, really nice pitch.
Peter, Sizzling Hot Hobby.
Cara, Sizzling Hot...
Charlie... Robbie...
Sizzling Hot Workout...
Go for it, Betty
You know that you're ready
Just go for it, Betty
Go for it, Betty
How come all those people
get to do something in the Hot issue?
Because they submitted ideas.
- Why didn't I submit an idea?
- You tell me.
I guess I didn't know I could.
Of course you could, Betty.
You've been here two years.
If you want something,
gotta open up your mouth.
Just like every time I screw up.
Okay. Can I do something
for the Hot issue?
Yes.
Really? Yes? You mean it?
- I mean it. Pitch me something.
- When?
- Now.
- Now?
Do you want this or not?
Sizzling Hot. Go.
Okay, Sizzling Hot...
Sizzling Hot...
- Fruit!
- What?
You know, how everyone's always
trying to find that new thing to eat,
that thing that will increase brain power
or reduce stress,
something they can keep in their desk
and pop in their mouth to get an edge
in today's hyper-competitive world.
The Sizzling Hot Fruit!
This is the first time I get to vote.
The first time!
Papi, last year you voted five times
on Dancing with the Stars.
Only because that Kristi Yamaguchi
is an Asian ball of fire.
But this is for the President.
I've dreamt about it for a long time.
Well, you're not the only one
who's excited about the election.
I got big plans!
- What?
- To promote my shop.
Yeah, the polls are right
around the corner,
and Justin is gonna hand out flyers
dressed in a red, white and blue suit.
No.
I think it's gonna be
a really big day for Hilda's Beautilities.
And for democracy.
I got a job!
- Hi.
Betty, I left Mexico so my family
wouldn't have to sell fruit on the street.
No. I get to choose
this winter's Sizzling Hot Fruit.
It's a quarter page in Mode
with a picture, and I'm in charge.
I'm in charge!
Mmm! I like the carambola.
Uh-uh, so five minutes ago.
You're right,
it was everywhere last winter.
What about the durian?
No, this thing stinks.
Pass me the dragon's eye.
Don't bother. The name is much more
interesting than the flavor, believe me.
- Kiwi?
- Ki-won't.
You're right. It's boring.
I need to find something dazzling,
unpredictable.
It might be my only chance.
Hang on. I got it!
The tico berry!
What? Dad,
I've never even heard of that.
It's Brazilian, very rare.
I learned about it
from this busboy once.
Interesting guy. Here it is.
Papi, that's one ugly berry.
Well, don't judge it by the outside.
Find out what's inside.
"Succulent, flavorful, rumored
to have special healing powers. "
- Hey.
- Let me look this up.
Succulent and flavorful,
reminds me of me.
Mom, inappropriate.
Well, there's not much here,
except something on someone's blog.
Oh, my God.
What?
All right, people, listen up.
We have a very important
announcement.
Daniel, she's your girl, so go ahead.
Betty has scored a giant coup
for the Sizzling Hot issue.
Her choice for Sizzling Hot Fruit, the...
Tico berry.
Is the beloved fruit of supermodel
Adriana Lima.
"Growing up as a young girl in Brazil,
"Adriana would spend the summers
on her grandfather's farm
"where he grew tico berries.
She ate them every day.
"She credits them
for making her beautiful. "
Amanda, they don't have any
in the cafeteria.
It's not for me. It's for my friend.
So la Lima has agreed to a cover
and a feature story for us.
This is big.
Adriana has never done a Mode cover.
So we're gonna cut
the Sizzling Hot budget,
go all-in on the shoot.
Betty. It's yours. Run with it.
What do you mean?
You made it happen. We want you
to be the project manager.
Really?
Well, that's initiative,
people.
Sometimes it comes
in unlikely brown packages.
Thank you.
Sorry, Kimmie. We're gonna have
to cut the Hot Club. Maybe next time.
That's so great.
I'm so happy for you.
Congratulations.
You did it. Awesome.
Thanks. Thank you.
Game on, Betty.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Marc, the car is not here.
Make it get here.
Well, do something. Now.
Aren't you Wilhelmina Slater?
Dear Lord.
I'm sorry to bug you.
I know you must hate this,
but I am such an admirer.
Well, you're probably either gay
or a gossip.
Neither, I'm afraid. Connor Owens.
Connor Owens. From Crittenden?
Formerly.
I just took my stock options and ran.
You did a nice job over there.
A good book always sells itself.
The trick is marketing the brand.
Well, that's not happening
for our company.
Really? That's criminal.
Any publisher in town
would love to have your titles.
Uh, nice meeting you, Connor.
Connor. Would you have any interest
in coming to Meade?
I don't think
that's gonna happen.
Danny Meade and I don't quite
get along.
Really? How so?
Let's just say
there's a little bit of history there.
You take care, Miss Slater.
It was great to meet you.
Daniel, hey, I was just wondering
if there's anything I could do
to help out on the Adriana Lima shoot.
Yeah, talk to Betty.
Suzuki. Always great to see you.
Well, Danny,
we love a scoop at Fashion Buzz,
and landing Adriana Lima
for the cover of your March issue
is two scoops with whipped cream
and sprinkles.
Well, the truth is, it's my incredibly
capable assistant who made it happen.
You should talk to her.
Little person does good. Great angle.
Where is this plucky lady
with a dream?
- Betty! Betty!
- Yes?
Makeup.
Okay, I can't stand
to see makeup done badly.
I was on TV once,
and I know how to do it.
Please let me help you.
Um, no, thank you, I'm fine.
No, you're not. I mean,
what you're doing is seriously awful.
Well, maybe you and I have...
Look, if you're gonna represent
the magazine, you have to look good.
Okay, if it's important to Mode,
it's important to me.
- Keep your eyes still.
- Why?
- Eyelashes?
- Trust me.
People watching at home
go straight to the eyes.
I hate to say this, but congratulations.
You know, you've done a really
good job with this whole Adriana thing.
Wow. Thank you.
So do you want to practice
what you're gonna say?
Well, I am a little nervous.
This unique cover gives Mode
a special opportunity
to show a new side of Adriana.
One of her favorite sayings is,
"Tico is life. "
So this incredible photographer we've
hired is going to use the tico berry
as a gateway to Adriana's childhood
memories, as in a surrealist painting.
I know that I'll be the first in line
when it comes out on the newsstands.
Awesome.
I forgot to tell my family that
I'm gonna be on TV. I'll be back.
Okay, we'll just finish
when you get back.
How do you guys lift these lights?
I mean, they look so heavy.
- I work out a lot.
- Yeah, I can tell.
So do you think this is gonna be
bright enough for TV?
Yeah, we're good.
Any more and it might be too hot.
Well, I don't think it's bad
if things get too hot. Do you?
Well...
Papi, the polls open
at 7:00 a. m. tomorrow.
You gotta be dressed.
I can't have my clients see you
in your crazy old man pajamas.
You worry about yourself.
You're crabby in the morning.
I'm cute.
Justin!
What?
I'm not wearing this.
Sweetheart, that is so good.
Who could resist that?
Anyone with taste.
- Come on.
- You look great.
Hello. What?
Aunt Betty's gonna be on television!
Stylish people of Mode,
could we have a little quiet, please?
We go live in five, four...
This is Suzuki St. Pierre
with breaking news.
Mode has scored Adriana Lima
for their Sizzling Hot issue,
and it's all the doing of this young lady,
Betty Suarez. Speak, Betty.
Well, Suzuki, I was researching
our Sizzling Hot Fruit, the tico berry,
when I discovered that Adriana's
grandfather grows them on his farm.
Farms. We know what those are.
Those are the things
fashion people knock down
so we can build our weekend houses.
Tell us more, Betty.
What other newsworthy crumbs
can you drop on the ground
for gossip-hungry
Fashion Buzz viewers?
Wow.
She's doing so great.
I bet you she gets her own show
after this.
Quiet, I want to hear what she says.
Steamy Brazil, was it?
Well, Suzuki, this unique cover
is a great chance for Mode to show...
And... Show a different side of Adriana.
Not so old... I mean, not the same old...
Not the same old thing.
SUZUKl: Now, does the tico berry
go good with vodka?
Would it make a good tico-tini?
Her...
Her berries... Adriana's berries...
Adriana's berries have
never been seen before.
Sorry. Sorry.
- Holy crap.
- There goes her show.
But you know what...
I'm sorry, just one second.
- Suzuki, hi.
- Hi.
As our girl Adriana says, "Tico is life!"
And when you see this cover,
you'll know why.
I know I'm gonna be first in line at
the newsstand the day it comes out.
SUZUKl: Well, you'll be right
behind me, 'cause I can't wait.
You heard it first,
Adriana Lima in Mode,
from Kimmie Keegan, Associate Editor.
SUZUKl: Great work, Kimmie.
Wonderful job.
Betty, so everything you've done so far
to make this cover happen
has been fantastic.
You're working very hard.
You're putting the pieces together.
Just rip it off, Daniel.
The TV spot was a disaster.
Kimmie will work on the cover with you
to add a little polish.
Any questions?
No questions.
I'm so thrilled about this.
I'm really excited for us
to be working together, Betty.
Moving on. Anyone's name
who is not on the masthead may leave.
You are unbelievable.
You sabotaged me.
It's not my fault you don't have the face
or pores for television.
No, you just couldn't stand
that I was in charge,
so you had to weasel your way in there.
I happen to like being in the spotlight,
and, unfortunately,
there's just not room for the two of us.
Yeah, well, we have to work as a team,
so it'll have to be.
That's one way to look at it.
And what's the other?
The shoot is in two days.
My bet is that by the time it happens,
one of us will be gone.
And it's not gonna be me.
You know, Daniel, I was thinking
about what your mother said.
About hiring a CFO?
Well, I only know him by reputation,
but I heard that Connor Owens
is an exceptional...
No.
Well, he has the best business mind
this side of Iger.
Absolutely not.
Daniel, I thought
we had reached a place
where we could work together
on things.
Isn't there a chance
you could put whatever silly issues
you have with him aside
and do what's best for Meade?
Daniel, I am so sorry to bother you,
but I really don't think
that I can work with Kimmie.
Why not?
Well, I don't trust her,
and she brings out this side of me
where I want to scratch her eyes out.
Betty, do you think
I like working with Wilhelmina?
Well, no.
There isn't a day that goes by that I'm
not fighting with her about something.
Like it or not, she's my partner.
We have this magazine to put out.
But Kimmie's trying
to take my project from me.
- So don't let her.
- No, but she doesn't play fair.
That's her problem.
You gotta worry about yourself.
This is what you wished for. Right?
As you move up,
things aren't gonna get easier.
My advice to you, be a professional.
Take the high road.
Then Christina Aguilera
walks in with her child
and she's breastfeeding...
Hey.
How did it happen?
We used to be the ones
spreading rumors,
mocking co-workers,
ruining self-esteem.
Because God made us pretty,
God made us mean.
Sometimes he gives with both hands.
Well, look around, it is Kimmie's world.
Okay, but before we go nuclear on her,
we need more.
I agree.
And you know me, I hate going nuclear.
You love going nuclear.
I do love going nuclear,
and destroying someone is fun.
Look, it's sad Betty.
Betty, we need to talk to you.
There's a problem, something that
affects all of us, like global warning.
It's Kimmie.
And the inconvenient truth
is that she's evil. She has to go.
What do you mean "go"?
- We need to kill her.
- Get her fired.
- Whatever.
- And we need your help.
She's working with you
on the shoot. Right?
I don't know, guys.
Getting someone fired...
Betty, she threatened your family.
What? When?
Okay, she didn't do that,
but she did weasel her way
into your big moment, right?
Yes.
It's not exactly taking the high road.
Betty, yes or no?
No.
People, behold.
This is the Loulou de la Falaise
reproduction
of Marie Antoinette's
famous framboise necklace.
Poor girl loved her berries.
Betty, do you think
this might be a good idea
for the Adriana Lima shoot?
Maybe. Yeah.
It's just a suggestion.
Could be the perfect complement to
that beautiful Oscar de la Renta gown.
- Hey, good-looking.
- Hi.
I haven't seen you since Milan.
How're you feeling?
I've been great.
Except for my broken finger.
You should see the other girl.
Joking, joking.
But I'm really happy to be here
to do this photo shoot
with my beloved tico berries.
We are just thrilled to have you.
Kimmie has been telling me
all her ideas for this photo shoot.
The theme of memory is genius.
Kimmie's ideas?
I don't know about genius,
but it could work.
And guess who we got to shoot it?
Philippe Loire.
We saw him at the club last night.
Cliff was supposed to shoot that cover.
That skank needs to be stopped.
Kimmie, what is going on?
I saw on the schedule that you gave out
that Adriana was landing last night,
so I met her at the airport
and introduced myself.
We hit it off. So we went out
for some dinner and some drinks.
And then you told her that my ideas
were your ideas?
Well, maybe you should
have done more
than just send a fruit basket
to her room.
- Adriana, hi.
- Hi.
I'm Betty Suarez. Nice to meet you.
I work here. Actually...
Sorry, but we have to go.
Sorry, guys, but, A-Lim, it's spa time.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I'll see everybody tomorrow.
And remember, tico is life.
Don't worry about her.
She's just someone's assistant.
Screw the high road. I'm in.
Let's kill Kimmie.
It's a pleasure to be here.
Daniel knows me from Harvard,
but unlike some people in this room,
I didn't grow up rich.
Nobody ever gave me anything.
I grew up in a council flat in Sydney.
If that's where I end up, fine by me.
Is there a point
to this delightful mini-bio?
Daniel.
I never take a job for the money.
When I ran accounts
for Beard & Phelps
and a client didn't like our campaign,
I didn't take "no" from
some VP of marketing
who couldn't find his nuts with a GPS.
I went over that idiot's head,
until I was standing in a room
with the person who had the power
to say yes,
and then that person said yes.
Because if I learned one thing
talking to my old man on a prison
phone through a glass partition,
it's never take on something
you can't defend,
and I can defend this company.
But I won't lie to you,
there's work to do.
You need a new business plan.
Here's what I'd do.
Read it through. It speaks for itself.
Thanks for your time.
Thank you.
Daniel?
It's an odorless, colorless gas.
When she wakes up,
she's got heroin stuffed in her pockets.
Police come in, whisk her away.
Problem solved.
I don't know how I feel
about sending her to prison.
Yeah, I'm gonna have to go with Betty
on this one. Too far, Mandy. Too far.
I say she deserves
whatever horrible punishment she gets.
Marc, your boyfriend's getting cheese
on my couch.
Cliff, napkin. Honey,
I know you're upset and anger-eating
because you lost the Adriana shoot,
but trust me, Kimmie will be dealt with.
It just has to be appropriate.
- Do they still make guillotines?
- Not constructive.
- Wait. That's it!
- Marc, you're scaring me.
The Marie Antoinette necklace that
Wilhelmina wants to use in the shoot.
Yeah, but that was just a suggestion.
That was no suggestion.
That was vintage Slater scheming.
That necklace is up for auction,
and if a Mode cover spikes the price,
Wilhelmina gets a cut.
And if that necklace
isn't around Adriana Lima's neck...
Then someone will lose their head.
Louisa, you look beautiful,
and you have your "I Voted" sticker,
so you get 10% off.
- Right.
- Justin's outside. He'll cash you out.
- All right.
- Okay, thank you. Okay, who's next?
Hi! Come on in, come on in, sit down.
Wow, okay, I'm thinking like
a sexy Michelle Obama,
or maybe a stylish Cindy McCain?
Excuse me, mi hija.
- Oh. Ruminate on that. I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Sweetie, are you going
to take a break soon?
I got business out the wazoo.
But you haven't had
a chance to vote yet.
Yeah, papi, I'll do it if I have time.
Mi hija, do you realize
how important your vote is?
Mi hija, you are an American...
Spare me the civics lesson, okay?
You know what's American?
Making money!
I am not about to slow down
the best day of business
this salon has ever had to vote
on something that I don't care about!
It's got nothing to do with me.
Now I gotta go. I got business.
Hi, sorry about that.
You know what I was thinking?
Senator Clinton,
it's a style that never quits.
All right, just make sure
everyone's okay over there...
OMG, Kimmie. It looks amazing.
You did such an awesome job.
I love how those things look
like they're free-floating in the air.
Yeah, it's Suri-realism. It's this thing
Tom Cruise's daughter invented.
Oh.
But what is that thing
on Adriana's stand-in's neck?
Ew! Marc, check that out.
Ugh! It is awful!
Some giant piece of fruit? What,
did it fall off of Carmen Miranda's hat?
Or is the theme "berries"?
Oh.
Tico berries, strawberries,
what about blueberry?
Or a Halle Berry!
This was Betty's idea, wasn't it?
It was totally Betty's idea,
'cause it sucks.
Do you really think it's that bad?
- Beyond.
- The worst.
I don't know.
Yeah, it blows. Could someone
please lose that necklace ASAP?
Get it off her neck. It's hurting my eyes.
Okay, come on, we don't have all day.
- We set her up, Betty.
- You knock her down.
Since you haven't said anything,
I assume it's a no-go on hiring Connor?
Fine. I'll give him a call, tell him
we didn't think he was the right fit.
I'll talk.
Hi, Daniel Meade for Connor Owens.
Connor? Daniel Meade here.
I'm sitting with Wilhelmina Slater.
So how'd you like to come run
the business side of Meade?
Mmm.
You'll have the offer in writing
tomorrow morning. Yep.
You're right.
We need him.
Well, thank you, Daniel,
for putting your ego aside
and respecting me on this.
This is albacore, okay?
I don't eat albacore.
Now, go back to Nobu
and get me what I ordered!
Hey, Kimmie! I was just wondering
if you needed me to do anything,
- you know, help out.
- No. I'm good.
Gosh, I'm so nervous.
You know, Wilhelmina's gonna be here
any second.
So? Big deal.
Well, not for you because you're
so good at standing up for yourself.
But I'm not. I mean, Wilhelmina
always has such strong opinions,
and I always back down.
- Well, I'm sure she likes that.
- No, no, she hates it.
She only respects people
who stand up to her.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean, she's gonna walk in here,
ask to change 10 things,
but what she really wants
is for someone to say no.
I always say yes.
I just wish I wasn't so weak.
The only way to impress Wilhelmina
is to be strong. Oh, well.
If anybody wanted to know
How to party and get on the floor
- Well, you made it happen, Betty.
- Yeah, I did.
I'm proud of you. You found a way
to make it work with Kimmie.
Oh, uh...
Yep. I did.
This business is tough.
It really makes you wonder,
"What kind of person am I?
What am I willing to do to get ahead?"
It's not easy.
So how's everything going?
Um...
Excuse me.
Kimmie,
I have to talk to you right away.
Bad time. Adriana's due any minute.
No, look, I may have steered you
in the wrong direction.
Hey, Betty. What are you doing?
Stop this!
Guys, I can't do it, okay?
This isn't how I want to get ahead.
We have to distract her.
Does anyone have a 6-foot hoagie?
No.
All right, so I set you up.
Wilhelmina hates it
when people disagree with her.
So whatever she says, just do it.
What, just back down and look weak?
No, thanks.
Unlike you, Betty, I intend to go places.
No, but that's what she wants!
She wants you to be weak.
She wants everybody to be weak.
You're so transparent.
No, I am being honest.
Look, she really, really wants
that necklace in the shoot.
- So just put it back. Necklace!
- Unbelievable.
Now you're trying to set me up to put
that ugly necklace back on the model.
No, I was setting you up before.
I am not now. I swear.
Look, Betty,
I know how to judge character,
and right now you're oozing petty,
bitter, jealous ooze.
It's all over you. I see right through
your stupid little plan.
- Kimmie.
- So where's the necklace?
- It's not going to be in the shoot.
- But I want it in this shoot.
Yeah, but it's hideous,
so we're not using it.
Now don't worry, babe. I got it covered.
Just sit back, relax, have a donut.
Do you have
some kind of death wish?
My only wish right now
is that you scooty, scoot, scoot.
Go on. Find someplace shady.
Get the damn necklace
and put it in the damn picture.
- Here.
- It's not going to be in the picture.
That's my decision, and that's final.
- Well, you're fired.
- No, I'm not fired!
Yes, you are fired.
But... But...
Wait a minute. They tricked me!
That's not fair!
I worked too hard to get here.
This is my jumping-off point.
What about my blog, my vlog,
my perfume, my fashion line?
Security, come get her, please!
No. This is not how it's going down.
No Kimmie, no shoot. How about that?
Excuse me?
Have fun doing a tico berry shoot
with no tico berries!
No! No, Kimmie! Don't! Please don't!
That's all we have!
Ha!
- What are you doing? Get off of me!
- This way, miss. Come on.
Screw all of you!
You haven't seen the last of me!
- What...
Adriana Lima's arriving!
I'm here, ready to go.
Where are my tico berries?
Betty?
- Too late for a haircut?
- No! No, no, no, not at all.
Come on in. Have a seat.
I saw one of your flyers over at
the voting, and I thought I'd pop on in.
- Great. How do you like it?
- Just clean it up a little bit.
I have this work thing later,
and I want to look, you know, sharp.
No problem.
I had no idea this little salon was right
here in the neighborhood. I love it.
It's great for the community.
Yeah, but we don't get
a lot of foot traffic, you know.
It's not like this is a business district.
You have a hard time
getting a business license?
No, I didn't get one.
What's the big deal, right?
Well, they could hit you with
a pretty big fine, shut you down.
Yeah,
but who's gonna say anything?
Maybe no one,
but it's always better to be safe
with these things. Trust me.
I'm a councilman in this district.
So are you here to bust me?
No, actually I just
really needed a haircut.
Well, now you're not getting one.
- I'm just telling you the law. It's my job.
- Get out! Get out!
But you only finished half my hair.
All right.
Look, why don't you take my card?
And I promise,
I'll do anything I can to help you,
but I strongly suggest you shut down
temporarily until you get that license.
- "Archie Rodriguez. "
- That's me.
Well, Archie Rodriguez,
I have six weeks of bookings,
and now you're telling me
that I can't run my own salon?
What can I say?
Next time, you can vote me out.
Betty, do something.
Are there any more berries?
They weren't very easy to find.
Well, Adriana's not doing the shoot
without those berries.
If this falls apart, it's a major fiasco.
The press will kill us.
Hello! I am waiting
for my beautiful berries!
They'll be here in a minute, Adriana.
We can't bluff for too long.
You know what they say about models,
but this one is a smart one.
Done. Anybody have
the Sunday Times crossword?
We have a lot riding on this.
Are you sure
you don't want me to take over?
No. No.
I just remembered something.
- Adriana? Hi.
- Hi.
- I'm Betty Suarez. I work at Mode.
- Nice to meet you.
Uh...
Adriana, did you get that fruit basket
we put in your room?
Yes, I did. It was wonderful.
Thank you so much.
Oh, good.
See, 'cause I know
I put some tico berries in there,
and it would be great
if you didn't eat all of them,
because, you see, we don't have
any tico berries for the shoot.
I don't understand. This whole shoot
was inspired by the berries.
I know. I know, and we had them.
It's just... There was an incident,
and now we don't.
And it's not like
it's exactly easy to come by them.
I mean, this isn't Todos os Santos Bay.
How do you know that?
Well, it's where
your grandfather's farm is, right?
- Yes.
- I did the research.
Kimmie told me she did all the work.
Yeah.
Okay, I get it. She's that type of girl.
Well, it's not exactly like my way's
any better. We don't have the berries.
So did you eat all of them?
I gotta say,
you really pulled it off, Betty.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you, Daniel.
And I owe you an apology
about Kimmie.
She was a bad seed. I didn't see it.
Oh, well. You were right.
The thing that's important
is how I do my job.
Oh, uh, speaking of the business,
I got you something
I thought you might be able to use.
- What...
- Hello, Daniel.
Connor.
This is my assistant, Betty Suarez.
Betty Suarez, hi.
You're Connor Owens, my God,
you're, like,
famous in the publishing world.
And you've got a good handshake,
firm, strong, big hands,
really big,
like tennis rackets with fingers.
- Betty?
- Sorry.
It's nice to meet you.
So did that offer come in?
Yes, it did,
and I'd like to talk about it with you.
Betty, would you excuse us
for a second?
We did it.
So now it's real.
That was smooth.
And Wilhelmina has no idea.
Looks like somebody had a good day.
Yes, today was a good day.
What you holding onto so tight?
Nothing, just something my boss
gave me for doing a photo shoot.
So you got your chance.
Yeah, mainly because
you told me to go for it.
Well, I was just telling you
what I tell myself.
Well, it worked, so, thank you.
Sure. So let me see what you got.
- Business cards.
- Whoa.
They don't have a title yet,
but I'll get there.
And you can keep that one.
I have plenty.
That's really cool, Betty.
Thanks.
I had a dream last night
I had a reason to stay
in the back of my head
Still, I have to say goodbye
Here, in this bed, free
You are free
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org